FontDame GSUB table




script table begin
sinh	default		 0,1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8
script table end

feature table begin
0	akhn	akhandligs-sinh,fixrarephHrfBuzz-sinh,extraHBFix-sinh,touch-sinh
1	rphf	reph-sinh
2	vatu	vatu-sinh
3	pstf	postforms-sinh
4	pres	fixrareph-sinh
5	abvs	raucontext-sinh,rakar-sinh,swapyareph-sinh,rayaya-sinh,WTLEhack-sinh,selectra-sinh,abvsligs-sinh
6	blws	bottomligatures-sinh
7	psts	racontext-sinh,ucontext-sinh
8	dlig	postligatures-sinh,fixdayara-sinh
feature table end



lookup	akhandligs-sinh	ligature

kavasinh	kasinh	viramasinh	uni200D	vasinh
kassasinh	kasinh	viramasinh	uni200D	ssasinh
gadhasinh	gasinh	viramasinh	uni200D	dhasinh
nyacasinh	nyasinh	viramasinh	uni200D	casinh
ttatthasinh	ttasinh	viramasinh	uni200D	tthasinh
tathasinh	tasinh	viramasinh	uni200D	thasinh
tavasinh	tasinh	viramasinh	uni200D	vasinh
dadhasinh	dasinh	viramasinh	uni200D	dhasinh
davasinh	dasinh	viramasinh	uni200D	vasinh
nathasinh	nasinh	viramasinh	uni200D	thasinh
nadasinh	nasinh	viramasinh	uni200D	dasinh
nadhasinh	nasinh	viramasinh	uni200D	dhasinh
navasinh	nasinh	viramasinh	uni200D	vasinh

lookup end



lookup	fixrarephHrfBuzz-sinh	context

glyph	rasinh,viramasinh,uni200D,rasinh	1,fixHarfBuzzRa-sinh

lookup end


lookup	fixHarfBuzzRa-sinh	ligature

rahalantsinh	rasinh	viramasinh	uni200D

lookup end


lookup	extraHBFix-sinh	multiple

rahalantsinh	rasinh	viramasinh

lookup end


lookup	reph-sinh	ligature

rephsinh	rasinh	viramasinh	uni200D

lookup end



lookup	vatu-sinh	ligature

yapostsinh	viramasinh	uni200D	yasinh
rakarsinh	viramasinh	uni200D	rasinh

lookup end


lookup	postforms-sinh	single

uni0DDA	viramasinh
uni0DDC	aavowelsignsinh
uni0DDD	oovowelsignaltsinh
uni0DDE	lvocalicvowelsignsinh

lookup end



lookup	touch-sinh	context

class definition begin
kasinh	1
khasinh	1
gasinh	1
ghasinh	1
ngasinh	1
nngasinh	1
casinh	1
chasinh	1
jasinh	1
jhasinh	1
nyasinh	1
jnyasinh	1
nyjasinh	1
ttasinh	1
tthasinh	1
ddasinh	1
ddhasinh	1
nnasinh	1
nnddasinh	1
tasinh	1
thasinh	1
dasinh	1
dhasinh	1
nasinh	1
ndasinh	1
pasinh	1
phasinh	1
basinh	1
bhasinh	1
masinh	1
mbasinh	1
yasinh	1
rasinh	1
lasinh	1
vasinh	1
shasinh	1
ssasinh	1
sasinh	1
hasinh	1
llasinh	1
fasinh	1
u 200D	2
viramasinh	3
class definition end

class	1,2,3,1	1,touchligature-sinh

lookup end


lookup	touchligature-sinh	ligature

katouchsinh	kasinh	u 200D	viramasinh
khatouchsinh	khasinh	u 200D	viramasinh
gatouchsinh	gasinh	u 200D	viramasinh
ghatouchsinh	ghasinh	u 200D	viramasinh
ngatouchsinh	ngasinh	u 200D	viramasinh
nngatouchsinh	nngasinh	u 200D	viramasinh
catouchsinh	casinh	u 200D	viramasinh
chatouchsinh	chasinh	u 200D	viramasinh
jatouchsinh	jasinh	u 200D	viramasinh
jhatouchsinh	jhasinh	u 200D	viramasinh
nyatouchsinh	nyasinh	u 200D	viramasinh
jnyatouchsinh	jnyasinh	u 200D	viramasinh
nyjatouchsinh	nyjasinh	u 200D	viramasinh
ttatouchsinh	ttasinh	u 200D	viramasinh
tthatouchsinh	tthasinh	u 200D	viramasinh
ddatouchsinh	ddasinh	u 200D	viramasinh
ddhatouchsinh	ddhasinh	u 200D	viramasinh
nnatouchsinh	nnasinh	u 200D	viramasinh
nnddatouchsinh	nnddasinh	u 200D	viramasinh
tatouchsinh	tasinh	u 200D	viramasinh
thatouchsinh	thasinh	u 200D	viramasinh
datouchsinh	dasinh	u 200D	viramasinh
dhatouchsinh	dhasinh	u 200D	viramasinh
natouchsinh	nasinh	u 200D	viramasinh
ndatouchsinh	ndasinh	u 200D	viramasinh
patouchsinh	pasinh	u 200D	viramasinh
phatouchsinh	phasinh	u 200D	viramasinh
batouchsinh	basinh	u 200D	viramasinh
bhatouchsinh	bhasinh	u 200D	viramasinh
matouchsinh	masinh	u 200D	viramasinh
mbatouchsinh	mbasinh	u 200D	viramasinh
yatouchsinh	yasinh	u 200D	viramasinh
ratouchsinh	rasinh	u 200D	viramasinh
latouchsinh	lasinh	u 200D	viramasinh
vatouchsinh	vasinh	u 200D	viramasinh
shatouchsinh	shasinh	u 200D	viramasinh
ssatouchsinh	ssasinh	u 200D	viramasinh
satouchsinh	sasinh	u 200D	viramasinh
hatouchsinh	hasinh	u 200D	viramasinh
llatouchsinh	llasinh	u 200D	viramasinh
fatouchsinh	fasinh	u 200D	viramasinh

lookup end


lookup	fixrareph-sinh	chained

glyph	rasinh	rephsinh		1,splitreph-sinh

lookup end


lookup	splitreph-sinh	multiple

rephsinh	viramasinh	rasinh

lookup end


lookup	raucontext-sinh	chained

markattachmenttype	2

glyph	rakarsinh	uvowelsignsinh		1,u2aelow-sinh
glyph	rakarsinh	uuvowelsignsinh		1,u2aelow-sinh

lookup end


lookup	u2aelow-sinh	single

uvowelsignsinh	aevowelsignlowsinh
uuvowelsignsinh	aaevowelsignlowsinh

lookup end


lookup	rakar-sinh	ligature

markattachmenttype	2

nyarasinh	nyasinh	rakarsinh
jnyarasinh	jnyasinh	rakarsinh
darasinh	dasinh	rakarsinh
ndarasinh	ndasinh	rakarsinh
larasinh	lasinh	rakarsinh
llarasinh	llasinh	rakarsinh
nadarasinh	nadasinh	rakarsinh

lookup end


lookup	swapyareph-sinh	chained

glyph		yapostsinh,rephsinh		1,post2reph-sinh	2,reph2post-sinh

lookup end



lookup	post2reph-sinh	single

yapostsinh	rephsinh

lookup end


lookup	reph2post-sinh	single

rephsinh	yapostsinh

lookup end


lookup	rayaya-sinh	chained

glyph	yasinh	rephsinh,yapostsinh		1,yapostreph-sinh

lookup end


lookup	yapostreph-sinh	ligature

yapostrephsinh	rephsinh	yapostsinh

lookup end



lookup	WTLEhack-sinh	ligature

% windows hack
% yapostrephsinh	rephsinh	yapostsinh
% WTLE hack
oovowelsignaltsinh	aavowelsignsinh	viramasinh

lookup end


lookup	selectra-sinh	chained

markattachmenttype	2

glyph	kasinh	rakarsinh		1,kara-sinh
glyph	khasinh	rakarsinh		1,khara-sinh
glyph	gasinh	rakarsinh		1,gara-sinh
glyph	ghasinh	rakarsinh		1,ghara-sinh
glyph	ngasinh	rakarsinh		1,ngara-sinh
glyph	nngasinh	rakarsinh		1,nngara-sinh
glyph	casinh	rakarsinh		1,cara-sinh
glyph	chasinh	rakarsinh		1,chara-sinh
glyph	jasinh	rakarsinh		1,jara-sinh
glyph	jhasinh	rakarsinh		1,jhara-sinh
glyph	nyjasinh	rakarsinh		1,nyjara-sinh
glyph	ttasinh	rakarsinh		1,ttara-sinh
glyph	tthasinh	rakarsinh		1,tthara-sinh
glyph	ddasinh	rakarsinh		1,ddara-sinh
glyph	ddhasinh	rakarsinh		1,ddhara-sinh
glyph	nnasinh	rakarsinh		1,nnara-sinh
glyph	nnddasinh	rakarsinh		1,nnddara-sinh
glyph	tasinh	rakarsinh		1,tara-sinh
glyph	thasinh	rakarsinh		1,thara-sinh
glyph	dhasinh	rakarsinh		1,dhara-sinh
glyph	nasinh	rakarsinh		1,nara-sinh
glyph	pasinh	rakarsinh		1,para-sinh
glyph	phasinh	rakarsinh		1,phara-sinh
glyph	basinh	rakarsinh		1,bara-sinh
glyph	bhasinh	rakarsinh		1,bhara-sinh
glyph	masinh	rakarsinh		1,mara-sinh
glyph	mbasinh	rakarsinh		1,mbara-sinh
glyph	yasinh	rakarsinh		1,yara-sinh
glyph	vasinh	rakarsinh		1,vara-sinh
glyph	shasinh	rakarsinh		1,shara-sinh
glyph	ssasinh	rakarsinh		1,ssara-sinh
glyph	sasinh	rakarsinh		1,sara-sinh
glyph	hasinh	rakarsinh		1,hara-sinh
glyph	fasinh	rakarsinh		1,fara-sinh
glyph	kavasinh	rakarsinh		1,kavara-sinh
glyph	kassasinh	rakarsinh		1,kassara-sinh
glyph	gadhasinh	rakarsinh		1,gadhara-sinh
glyph	nyacasinh	rakarsinh		1,nyacara-sinh
glyph	ttatthasinh	rakarsinh		1,ttatthara-sinh
glyph	tathasinh	rakarsinh		1,tathara-sinh
glyph	tavasinh	rakarsinh		1,tavara-sinh
glyph	dadhasinh	rakarsinh		1,dadhara-sinh
glyph	davasinh	rakarsinh		1,davara-sinh
glyph	nathasinh	rakarsinh		1,nathara-sinh
glyph	nadhasinh	rakarsinh		1,nadhara-sinh
glyph	navasinh	rakarsinh		1,navara-sinh

lookup end


lookup	kara-sinh	single

rakarsinh	karasinh

lookup end


lookup	khara-sinh	single

rakarsinh	kharasinh

lookup end


lookup	gara-sinh	single

rakarsinh	garasinh

lookup end


lookup	ghara-sinh	single

rakarsinh	gharasinh

lookup end


lookup	ngara-sinh	single

rakarsinh	ngarasinh

lookup end


lookup	nngara-sinh	single

rakarsinh	nngarasinh

lookup end


lookup	cara-sinh	single

rakarsinh	carasinh

lookup end


lookup	chara-sinh	single

rakarsinh	charasinh

lookup end


lookup	jara-sinh	single

rakarsinh	jarasinh

lookup end


lookup	jhara-sinh	single

rakarsinh	jharasinh

lookup end


lookup	nyjara-sinh	single

rakarsinh	nyjarasinh

lookup end


lookup	ttara-sinh	single

rakarsinh	ttarasinh

lookup end


lookup	tthara-sinh	single

rakarsinh	ttharasinh

lookup end


lookup	ddara-sinh	single

rakarsinh	ddarasinh

lookup end


lookup	ddhara-sinh	single

rakarsinh	ddharasinh

lookup end


lookup	nnara-sinh	single

rakarsinh	nnarasinh

lookup end


lookup	nnddara-sinh	single

rakarsinh	nnddarasinh

lookup end


lookup	tara-sinh	single

rakarsinh	tarasinh

lookup end


lookup	thara-sinh	single

rakarsinh	tharasinh

lookup end


lookup	dhara-sinh	single

rakarsinh	dharasinh

lookup end


lookup	nara-sinh	single

rakarsinh	narasinh

lookup end


lookup	para-sinh	single

rakarsinh	parasinh

lookup end


lookup	phara-sinh	single

rakarsinh	pharasinh

lookup end


lookup	bara-sinh	single

rakarsinh	barasinh

lookup end


lookup	bhara-sinh	single

rakarsinh	bharasinh

lookup end


lookup	mara-sinh	single

rakarsinh	marasinh

lookup end


lookup	mbara-sinh	single

rakarsinh	mbarasinh

lookup end


lookup	yara-sinh	single

rakarsinh	yarasinh

lookup end


lookup	vara-sinh	single

rakarsinh	varasinh

lookup end


lookup	shara-sinh	single

rakarsinh	sharasinh

lookup end


lookup	ssara-sinh	single

rakarsinh	ssarasinh

lookup end


lookup	sara-sinh	single

rakarsinh	sarasinh

lookup end


lookup	hara-sinh	single

rakarsinh	harasinh

lookup end


lookup	fara-sinh	single

rakarsinh	farasinh

lookup end


lookup	kavara-sinh	single

rakarsinh	kavarasinh

lookup end


lookup	kassara-sinh	single

rakarsinh	kassarasinh

lookup end


lookup	gadhara-sinh	single

rakarsinh	gadharasinh

lookup end


lookup	nyacara-sinh	single

rakarsinh	nyacarasinh

lookup end


lookup	ttatthara-sinh	single

rakarsinh	ttattharasinh

lookup end


lookup	tathara-sinh	single

rakarsinh	tatharasinh

lookup end


lookup	tavara-sinh	single

rakarsinh	tavarasinh

lookup end


lookup	dadhara-sinh	single

rakarsinh	dadharasinh

lookup end


lookup	davara-sinh	single

rakarsinh	davarasinh

lookup end


lookup	nathara-sinh	single

rakarsinh	natharasinh

lookup end


lookup	nadhara-sinh	single

rakarsinh	nadharasinh

lookup end


lookup	navara-sinh	single

rakarsinh	navarasinh

lookup end


% -----------------------------------------


lookup	abvsligs-sinh	ligature

markattachmenttype	1

kahalantsinh	kasinh	viramasinh
khahalantsinh	khasinh	viramasinh
gahalantsinh	gasinh	viramasinh
ghahalantsinh	ghasinh	viramasinh
ngahalantsinh	ngasinh	viramasinh
nngahalantsinh	nngasinh	viramasinh
cahalantsinh	casinh	viramasinh
chahalantsinh	chasinh	viramasinh
jahalantsinh	jasinh	viramasinh
jhahalantsinh	jhasinh	viramasinh
nyahalantsinh	nyasinh	viramasinh
jnyahalantsinh	jnyasinh	viramasinh
nyjahalantsinh	nyjasinh	viramasinh
ttahalantsinh	ttasinh	viramasinh
tthahalantsinh	tthasinh	viramasinh
ddahalantsinh	ddasinh	viramasinh
ddhahalantsinh	ddhasinh	viramasinh
nnahalantsinh	nnasinh	viramasinh
nnddahalantsinh	nnddasinh	viramasinh
tahalantsinh	tasinh	viramasinh
thahalantsinh	thasinh	viramasinh
dahalantsinh	dasinh	viramasinh
dhahalantsinh	dhasinh	viramasinh
nahalantsinh	nasinh	viramasinh
ndahalantsinh	ndasinh	viramasinh
pahalantsinh	pasinh	viramasinh
phahalantsinh	phasinh	viramasinh
bahalantsinh	basinh	viramasinh
bhahalantsinh	bhasinh	viramasinh
mahalantsinh	masinh	viramasinh
mbahalantsinh	mbasinh	viramasinh
yahalantsinh	yasinh	viramasinh
rahalantsinh	rasinh	viramasinh
lahalantsinh	lasinh	viramasinh
vahalantsinh	vasinh	viramasinh
shahalantsinh	shasinh	viramasinh
ssahalantsinh	ssasinh	viramasinh
sahalantsinh	sasinh	viramasinh
hahalantsinh	hasinh	viramasinh
llahalantsinh	llasinh	viramasinh
fahalantsinh	fasinh	viramasinh
kavahalantsinh	kavasinh	viramasinh
kassahalantsinh	kassasinh	viramasinh
gadhahalantsinh	gadhasinh	viramasinh
nyacahalantsinh	nyacasinh	viramasinh
ttatthahalantsinh	ttatthasinh	viramasinh
tathahalantsinh	tathasinh	viramasinh
tavahalantsinh	tavasinh	viramasinh
dadhahalantsinh	dadhasinh	viramasinh
davahalantsinh	davasinh	viramasinh
nathahalantsinh	nathasinh	viramasinh
nadahalantsinh	nadasinh	viramasinh
nadhahalantsinh	nadhasinh	viramasinh
navahalantsinh	navasinh	viramasinh
yaposthalantsinh	yapostsinh	viramasinh


kahalantsinh	kasinh	u 200D	viramasinh
khahalantsinh	khasinh	u 200D	viramasinh
gahalantsinh	gasinh	u 200D	viramasinh
ghahalantsinh	ghasinh	u 200D	viramasinh
ngahalantsinh	ngasinh	u 200D	viramasinh
nngahalantsinh	nngasinh	u 200D	viramasinh
cahalantsinh	casinh	u 200D	viramasinh
chahalantsinh	chasinh	u 200D	viramasinh
jahalantsinh	jasinh	u 200D	viramasinh
jhahalantsinh	jhasinh	u 200D	viramasinh
nyahalantsinh	nyasinh	u 200D	viramasinh
jnyahalantsinh	jnyasinh	u 200D	viramasinh
nyjahalantsinh	nyjasinh	u 200D	viramasinh
ttahalantsinh	ttasinh	u 200D	viramasinh
tthahalantsinh	tthasinh	u 200D	viramasinh
ddahalantsinh	ddasinh	u 200D	viramasinh
ddhahalantsinh	ddhasinh	u 200D	viramasinh
nnahalantsinh	nnasinh	u 200D	viramasinh
nnddahalantsinh	nnddasinh	u 200D	viramasinh
tahalantsinh	tasinh	u 200D	viramasinh
thahalantsinh	thasinh	u 200D	viramasinh
dahalantsinh	dasinh	u 200D	viramasinh
dhahalantsinh	dhasinh	u 200D	viramasinh
nahalantsinh	nasinh	u 200D	viramasinh
ndahalantsinh	ndasinh	u 200D	viramasinh
pahalantsinh	pasinh	u 200D	viramasinh
phahalantsinh	phasinh	u 200D	viramasinh
bahalantsinh	basinh	u 200D	viramasinh
bhahalantsinh	bhasinh	u 200D	viramasinh
mahalantsinh	masinh	u 200D	viramasinh
mbahalantsinh	mbasinh	u 200D	viramasinh
yahalantsinh	yasinh	u 200D	viramasinh
rahalantsinh	rasinh	u 200D	viramasinh
lahalantsinh	lasinh	u 200D	viramasinh
vahalantsinh	vasinh	u 200D	viramasinh
shahalantsinh	shasinh	u 200D	viramasinh
ssahalantsinh	ssasinh	u 200D	viramasinh
sahalantsinh	sasinh	u 200D	viramasinh
hahalantsinh	hasinh	u 200D	viramasinh
llahalantsinh	llasinh	u 200D	viramasinh
fahalantsinh	fasinh	u 200D	viramasinh
kavahalantsinh	kavasinh	u 200D	viramasinh
kassahalantsinh	kassasinh	u 200D	viramasinh
gadhahalantsinh	gadhasinh	u 200D	viramasinh
nyacahalantsinh	nyacasinh	u 200D	viramasinh
ttatthahalantsinh	ttatthasinh	u 200D	viramasinh
tathahalantsinh	tathasinh	u 200D	viramasinh
tavahalantsinh	tavasinh	u 200D	viramasinh
dadhahalantsinh	dadhasinh	u 200D	viramasinh
davahalantsinh	davasinh	u 200D	viramasinh
nathahalantsinh	nathasinh	u 200D	viramasinh
nadahalantsinh	nadasinh	u 200D	viramasinh
nadhahalantsinh	nadhasinh	u 200D	viramasinh
navahalantsinh	navasinh	u 200D	viramasinh
yaposthalantsinh	yapostsinh	u 200D	viramasinh


nyarahalantsinh	nyarasinh	viramasinh
jnyarahalantsinh	jnyarasinh	viramasinh
darahalantsinh	darasinh	viramasinh
ndarahalantsinh	ndarasinh	viramasinh
larahalantsinh	larasinh	viramasinh
nadarahalantsinh	nadarasinh	viramasinh
llahalantaltsinh	llarasinh	viramasinh

kivowelsinh	kasinh	ivowelsignsinh
khivowelsinh	khasinh	ivowelsignsinh
givowelsinh	gasinh	ivowelsignsinh
ghivowelsinh	ghasinh	ivowelsignsinh
ngivowelsinh	ngasinh	ivowelsignsinh
nngivowelsinh	nngasinh	ivowelsignsinh
civowelsinh	casinh	ivowelsignsinh
chivowelsinh	chasinh	ivowelsignsinh
jivowelsinh	jasinh	ivowelsignsinh
jhivowelsinh	jhasinh	ivowelsignsinh
nyivowelsinh	nyasinh	ivowelsignsinh
nyarivowelsinh	nyarasinh	ivowelsignsinh
jnyivowelsinh	jnyasinh	ivowelsignsinh
jnyarivowelsinh	jnyarasinh	ivowelsignsinh
nyjivowelsinh	nyjasinh	ivowelsignsinh
ttivowelsinh	ttasinh	ivowelsignsinh
tthivowelsinh	tthasinh	ivowelsignsinh
ddivowelsinh	ddasinh	ivowelsignsinh
ddhivowelsinh	ddhasinh	ivowelsignsinh
nnivowelsinh	nnasinh	ivowelsignsinh
nnddivowelsinh	nnddasinh	ivowelsignsinh
tivowelsinh	tasinh	ivowelsignsinh
thivowelsinh	thasinh	ivowelsignsinh
divowelsinh	dasinh	ivowelsignsinh
darivowelsinh	darasinh	ivowelsignsinh
dhivowelsinh	dhasinh	ivowelsignsinh
nivowelsinh	nasinh	ivowelsignsinh
ndivowelsinh	ndasinh	ivowelsignsinh
ndarivowelsinh	ndarasinh	ivowelsignsinh
pivowelsinh	pasinh	ivowelsignsinh
phivowelsinh	phasinh	ivowelsignsinh
bivowelsinh	basinh	ivowelsignsinh
bhivowelsinh	bhasinh	ivowelsignsinh
mivowelsinh	masinh	ivowelsignsinh
mbivowelsinh	mbasinh	ivowelsignsinh
yivowelsinh	yasinh	ivowelsignsinh
rivowelsinh	rasinh	ivowelsignsinh
livowelsinh	lasinh	ivowelsignsinh
larivowelsinh	larasinh	ivowelsignsinh
vivowelsinh	vasinh	ivowelsignsinh
shivowelsinh	shasinh	ivowelsignsinh
ssivowelsinh	ssasinh	ivowelsignsinh
sivowelsinh	sasinh	ivowelsignsinh
hivowelsinh	hasinh	ivowelsignsinh
llivowelsinh	llasinh	ivowelsignsinh
llarivowelsinh	llarasinh	ivowelsignsinh
fivowelsinh	fasinh	ivowelsignsinh
kavivowelsinh	kavasinh	ivowelsignsinh
kassivowelsinh	kassasinh	ivowelsignsinh
gadhivowelsinh	gadhasinh	ivowelsignsinh
nyacivowelsinh	nyacasinh	ivowelsignsinh
ttatthivowelsinh	ttatthasinh	ivowelsignsinh
tathivowelsinh	tathasinh	ivowelsignsinh
tavivowelsinh	tavasinh	ivowelsignsinh
dadhivowelsinh	dadhasinh	ivowelsignsinh
davivowelsinh	davasinh	ivowelsignsinh
nathivowelsinh	nathasinh	ivowelsignsinh
nadivowelsinh	nadasinh	ivowelsignsinh
nadarivowelsinh	nadarasinh	ivowelsignsinh
nadhivowelsinh	nadhasinh	ivowelsignsinh
navivowelsinh	navasinh	ivowelsignsinh
yapostivowelsinh	yapostsinh	ivowelsignsinh

kiivowelsinh	kasinh	iivowelsignsinh
khiivowelsinh	khasinh	iivowelsignsinh
giivowelsinh	gasinh	iivowelsignsinh
ghiivowelsinh	ghasinh	iivowelsignsinh
ngiivowelsinh	ngasinh	iivowelsignsinh
nngiivowelsinh	nngasinh	iivowelsignsinh
ciivowelsinh	casinh	iivowelsignsinh
chiivowelsinh	chasinh	iivowelsignsinh
jiivowelsinh	jasinh	iivowelsignsinh
jhiivowelsinh	jhasinh	iivowelsignsinh
nyiivowelsinh	nyasinh	iivowelsignsinh
nyariivowelsinh	nyarasinh	iivowelsignsinh
jnyiivowelsinh	jnyasinh	iivowelsignsinh
jnyariivowelsinh	jnyarasinh	iivowelsignsinh
nyjiivowelsinh	nyjasinh	iivowelsignsinh
ttiivowelsinh	ttasinh	iivowelsignsinh
tthiivowelsinh	tthasinh	iivowelsignsinh
ddiivowelsinh	ddasinh	iivowelsignsinh
ddhiivowelsinh	ddhasinh	iivowelsignsinh
nniivowelsinh	nnasinh	iivowelsignsinh
nnddiivowelsinh	nnddasinh	iivowelsignsinh
tiivowelsinh	tasinh	iivowelsignsinh
thiivowelsinh	thasinh	iivowelsignsinh
diivowelsinh	dasinh	iivowelsignsinh
dariivowelsinh	darasinh	iivowelsignsinh
dhiivowelsinh	dhasinh	iivowelsignsinh
niivowelsinh	nasinh	iivowelsignsinh
ndiivowelsinh	ndasinh	iivowelsignsinh
ndariivowelsinh	ndarasinh	iivowelsignsinh
piivowelsinh	pasinh	iivowelsignsinh
phiivowelsinh	phasinh	iivowelsignsinh
biivowelsinh	basinh	iivowelsignsinh
bhiivowelsinh	bhasinh	iivowelsignsinh
miivowelsinh	masinh	iivowelsignsinh
mbiivowelsinh	mbasinh	iivowelsignsinh
yiivowelsinh	yasinh	iivowelsignsinh
riivowelsinh	rasinh	iivowelsignsinh
liivowelsinh	lasinh	iivowelsignsinh
lariivowelsinh	larasinh	iivowelsignsinh
viivowelsinh	vasinh	iivowelsignsinh
shiivowelsinh	shasinh	iivowelsignsinh
ssiivowelsinh	ssasinh	iivowelsignsinh
siivowelsinh	sasinh	iivowelsignsinh
hiivowelsinh	hasinh	iivowelsignsinh
lliivowelsinh	llasinh	iivowelsignsinh
llariivowelsinh	llarasinh	iivowelsignsinh
fiivowelsinh	fasinh	iivowelsignsinh
kaviivowelsinh	kavasinh	iivowelsignsinh
kassiivowelsinh	kassasinh	iivowelsignsinh
gadhiivowelsinh	gadhasinh	iivowelsignsinh
nyaciivowelsinh	nyacasinh	iivowelsignsinh
ttatthiivowelsinh	ttatthasinh	iivowelsignsinh
tathiivowelsinh	tathasinh	iivowelsignsinh
taviivowelsinh	tavasinh	iivowelsignsinh
dadhiivowelsinh	dadhasinh	iivowelsignsinh
daviivowelsinh	davasinh	iivowelsignsinh
nathiivowelsinh	nathasinh	iivowelsignsinh
nadiivowelsinh	nadasinh	iivowelsignsinh
nadariivowelsinh	nadarasinh	iivowelsignsinh
nadhiivowelsinh	nadhasinh	iivowelsignsinh
naviivowelsinh	navasinh	iivowelsignsinh
yapostiivowelsinh	yapostsinh	iivowelsignsinh

karephsinh	kasinh	rephsinh
kharephsinh	khasinh	rephsinh
garephsinh	gasinh	rephsinh
gharephsinh	ghasinh	rephsinh
ngarephsinh	ngasinh	rephsinh
nngarephsinh	nngasinh	rephsinh
carephsinh	casinh	rephsinh
charephsinh	chasinh	rephsinh
jarephsinh	jasinh	rephsinh
jharephsinh	jhasinh	rephsinh
nyarephsinh	nyasinh	rephsinh
jnyarephsinh	jnyasinh	rephsinh
nyjarephsinh	nyjasinh	rephsinh
ttarephsinh	ttasinh	rephsinh
ttharephsinh	tthasinh	rephsinh
ddarephsinh	ddasinh	rephsinh
ddharephsinh	ddhasinh	rephsinh
nnarephsinh	nnasinh	rephsinh
nnddarephsinh	nnddasinh	rephsinh
tarephsinh	tasinh	rephsinh
tharephsinh	thasinh	rephsinh
darephsinh	dasinh	rephsinh
dharephsinh	dhasinh	rephsinh
narephsinh	nasinh	rephsinh
ndarephsinh	ndasinh	rephsinh
parephsinh	pasinh	rephsinh
pharephsinh	phasinh	rephsinh
barephsinh	basinh	rephsinh
bharephsinh	bhasinh	rephsinh
marephsinh	masinh	rephsinh
mbarephsinh	mbasinh	rephsinh
yarephsinh	yasinh	rephsinh
%rarephsinh	rasinh	rephsinh
larephsinh	lasinh	rephsinh
varephsinh	vasinh	rephsinh
sharephsinh	shasinh	rephsinh
ssarephsinh	ssasinh	rephsinh
sarephsinh	sasinh	rephsinh
harephsinh	hasinh	rephsinh
llarephsinh	llasinh	rephsinh
farephsinh	fasinh	rephsinh
kavarephsinh	kavasinh	rephsinh
kassarephsinh	kassasinh	rephsinh
gadharephsinh	gadhasinh	rephsinh
nyacarephsinh	nyacasinh	rephsinh
ttattharephsinh	ttatthasinh	rephsinh
tatharephsinh	tathasinh	rephsinh
tavarephsinh	tavasinh	rephsinh
dadharephsinh	dadhasinh	rephsinh
davarephsinh	davasinh	rephsinh
natharephsinh	nathasinh	rephsinh
nadarephsinh	nadasinh	rephsinh
nadharephsinh	nadhasinh	rephsinh
navarephsinh	navasinh	rephsinh
yapostrephsinh	yapostsinh	rephsinh

kavarephsinh	kasinh	rephsinh	viramasinh	uni200D	vasinh
kassarephsinh	kasinh	rephsinh	viramasinh	uni200D	ssasinh
gadharephsinh	gasinh	rephsinh	viramasinh	uni200D	dhasinh
nyacarephsinh	nyasinh	rephsinh	viramasinh	uni200D	casinh
ttattharephsinh	ttasinh	rephsinh	viramasinh	uni200D	tthasinh
tatharephsinh	tasinh	rephsinh	viramasinh	uni200D	thasinh
tavarephsinh	tasinh	rephsinh	viramasinh	uni200D	vasinh
dadharephsinh	dasinh	rephsinh	viramasinh	uni200D	dhasinh
davarephsinh	dasinh	rephsinh	viramasinh	uni200D	vasinh
natharephsinh	nasinh	rephsinh	viramasinh	uni200D	thasinh
nadarephsinh	nasinh	rephsinh	viramasinh	uni200D	dasinh
nadharephsinh	nasinh	rephsinh	viramasinh	uni200D	dhasinh
navarephsinh	nasinh	rephsinh	viramasinh	uni200D	vasinh

lookup end



lookup	bottomligatures-sinh	ligature

markattachmenttype	2

kuvowelsinh	kasinh	uvowelsignsinh
khuvowelsinh	khasinh	uvowelsignsinh
guvowelsinh	gasinh	uvowelsignsinh
ghuvowelsinh	ghasinh	uvowelsignsinh
nguvowelsinh	ngasinh	uvowelsignsinh
nnguvowelsinh	nngasinh	uvowelsignsinh
cuvowelsinh	casinh	uvowelsignsinh
chuvowelsinh	chasinh	uvowelsignsinh
juvowelsinh	jasinh	uvowelsignsinh
jhuvowelsinh	jhasinh	uvowelsignsinh
nyuvowelsinh	nyasinh	uvowelsignsinh
jnyuvowelsinh	jnyasinh	uvowelsignsinh
nyjuvowelsinh	nyjasinh	uvowelsignsinh
ttuvowelsinh	ttasinh	uvowelsignsinh
tthuvowelsinh	tthasinh	uvowelsignsinh
dduvowelsinh	ddasinh	uvowelsignsinh
ddhuvowelsinh	ddhasinh	uvowelsignsinh
nnuvowelsinh	nnasinh	uvowelsignsinh
nndduvowelsinh	nnddasinh	uvowelsignsinh
tuvowelsinh	tasinh	uvowelsignsinh
thuvowelsinh	thasinh	uvowelsignsinh
duvowelsinh	dasinh	uvowelsignsinh
dhuvowelsinh	dhasinh	uvowelsignsinh
nuvowelsinh	nasinh	uvowelsignsinh
nduvowelsinh	ndasinh	uvowelsignsinh
puvowelsinh	pasinh	uvowelsignsinh
phuvowelsinh	phasinh	uvowelsignsinh
buvowelsinh	basinh	uvowelsignsinh
bhuvowelsinh	bhasinh	uvowelsignsinh
muvowelsinh	masinh	uvowelsignsinh
mbuvowelsinh	mbasinh	uvowelsignsinh
yuvowelsinh	yasinh	uvowelsignsinh
% ruvowelsinh	rasinh	uvowelsignsinh
luvowelsinh	lasinh	uvowelsignsinh
vuvowelsinh	vasinh	uvowelsignsinh
shuvowelsinh	shasinh	uvowelsignsinh
ssuvowelsinh	ssasinh	uvowelsignsinh
suvowelsinh	sasinh	uvowelsignsinh
huvowelsinh	hasinh	uvowelsignsinh
lluvowelsinh	llasinh	uvowelsignsinh
fuvowelsinh	fasinh	uvowelsignsinh
kavuvowelsinh	kavasinh	uvowelsignsinh
kassuvowelsinh	kassasinh	uvowelsignsinh
gadhuvowelsinh	gadhasinh	uvowelsignsinh
nyacuvowelsinh	nyacasinh	uvowelsignsinh
ttatthuvowelsinh	ttatthasinh	uvowelsignsinh
tathuvowelsinh	tathasinh	uvowelsignsinh
tavuvowelsinh	tavasinh	uvowelsignsinh
dadhuvowelsinh	dadhasinh	uvowelsignsinh
davuvowelsinh	davasinh	uvowelsignsinh
nathuvowelsinh	nathasinh	uvowelsignsinh
naduvowelsinh	nadasinh	uvowelsignsinh
nadhuvowelsinh	nadhasinh	uvowelsignsinh
navuvowelsinh	navasinh	uvowelsignsinh
yapostuvowelsinh	yapostsinh	uvowelsignsinh
kuuvowelsinh	kasinh	uuvowelsignsinh
khuuvowelsinh	khasinh	uuvowelsignsinh
guuvowelsinh	gasinh	uuvowelsignsinh
ghuuvowelsinh	ghasinh	uuvowelsignsinh
nguuvowelsinh	ngasinh	uuvowelsignsinh
nnguuvowelsinh	nngasinh	uuvowelsignsinh
cuuvowelsinh	casinh	uuvowelsignsinh
chuuvowelsinh	chasinh	uuvowelsignsinh
juuvowelsinh	jasinh	uuvowelsignsinh
jhuuvowelsinh	jhasinh	uuvowelsignsinh
nyuuvowelsinh	nyasinh	uuvowelsignsinh
jnyuuvowelsinh	jnyasinh	uuvowelsignsinh
nyjuuvowelsinh	nyjasinh	uuvowelsignsinh
ttuuvowelsinh	ttasinh	uuvowelsignsinh
tthuuvowelsinh	tthasinh	uuvowelsignsinh
dduuvowelsinh	ddasinh	uuvowelsignsinh
ddhuuvowelsinh	ddhasinh	uuvowelsignsinh
nnuuvowelsinh	nnasinh	uuvowelsignsinh
nndduuvowelsinh	nnddasinh	uuvowelsignsinh
tuuvowelsinh	tasinh	uuvowelsignsinh
thuuvowelsinh	thasinh	uuvowelsignsinh
duuvowelsinh	dasinh	uuvowelsignsinh
dhuuvowelsinh	dhasinh	uuvowelsignsinh
nuuvowelsinh	nasinh	uuvowelsignsinh
nduuvowelsinh	ndasinh	uuvowelsignsinh
puuvowelsinh	pasinh	uuvowelsignsinh
phuuvowelsinh	phasinh	uuvowelsignsinh
buuvowelsinh	basinh	uuvowelsignsinh
bhuuvowelsinh	bhasinh	uuvowelsignsinh
muuvowelsinh	masinh	uuvowelsignsinh
mbuuvowelsinh	mbasinh	uuvowelsignsinh
yuuvowelsinh	yasinh	uuvowelsignsinh
% ruuvowelsinh	rasinh	uuvowelsignsinh
luuvowelsinh	lasinh	uuvowelsignsinh
vuuvowelsinh	vasinh	uuvowelsignsinh
shuuvowelsinh	shasinh	uuvowelsignsinh
ssuuvowelsinh	ssasinh	uuvowelsignsinh
suuvowelsinh	sasinh	uuvowelsignsinh
huuvowelsinh	hasinh	uuvowelsignsinh
% lluuvowelsinh	llasinh	uuvowelsignsinh
fuuvowelsinh	fasinh	uuvowelsignsinh
kavuuvowelsinh	kavasinh	uuvowelsignsinh
kassuuvowelsinh	kassasinh	uuvowelsignsinh
gadhuuvowelsinh	gadhasinh	uuvowelsignsinh
nyacuuvowelsinh	nyacasinh	uuvowelsignsinh
ttatthuuvowelsinh	ttatthasinh	uuvowelsignsinh
tathuuvowelsinh	tathasinh	uuvowelsignsinh
tavuuvowelsinh	tavasinh	uuvowelsignsinh
dadhuuvowelsinh	dadhasinh	uuvowelsignsinh
davuuvowelsinh	davasinh	uuvowelsignsinh
nathuuvowelsinh	nathasinh	uuvowelsignsinh
naduuvowelsinh	nadasinh	uuvowelsignsinh
nadhuuvowelsinh	nadhasinh	uuvowelsignsinh
navuuvowelsinh	navasinh	uuvowelsignsinh
yapostuuvowelsinh	yapostsinh	uuvowelsignsinh

lookup end




lookup	racontext-sinh	ligature

IgnoreMarks	yes

raevowelsinh	rasinh	aevowelsignsinh
raaevowelsinh	rasinh	aaevowelsignsinh

lookup end


lookup	ucontext-sinh	context

markattachmenttype	2

glyph	rasinh,uvowelsignsinh	2,altu-sinh
glyph	rasinh,uuvowelsignsinh	2,altu-sinh
glyph	llasinh,uuvowelsignsinh	1,altu-sinh	2,altu-sinh

lookup end


lookup	altu-sinh	single

uvowelsignsinh	aevowelsignsinh
uuvowelsignsinh	aaevowelsignsinh
llasinh	lluvowelsinh

lookup end



lookup	postligatures-sinh	ligature

nyaavowelsinh	nyasinh	aavowelsignsinh
jnyaavowelsinh	jnyasinh	aavowelsignsinh
daavowelsinh	dasinh	aavowelsignsinh
ndaavowelsinh	ndasinh	aavowelsignsinh
nadaavowelsinh	nadasinh	aavowelsignsinh
darvocalicvowelsinh	dasinh	rvocalicvowelsignsinh
darrvocalicvowelsinh	dasinh	rrvocalicvowelsignsinh
doovowelsignsinh	dasinh	oovowelsignaltsinh
dayasinh	dasinh	yapostsinh
dayahalantsinh	dasinh	yaposthalantsinh
dayaavowelsinh	dasinh	yapostsinh	aavowelsignsinh
dayoovowelsinh	dasinh	yapostsinh	oovowelsignaltsinh

lookup end



lookup	fixdayara-sinh	context

glyph	dayasinh,rakarsinh	1,splitdaya-sinh

lookup end



lookup	splitdaya-sinh	multiple

dayasinh	dasinh	yapostsinh

lookup end





